README.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
  -- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

# 📖 [Portfolio] <a name="Portfolio"></a>

**[Portfolio]** this is my Portfolio project which i started by implementing mobile-first view.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

.HTML 
.CSS

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- Portfolio webpage
- Mobile first development
- Responsiveness and flexibility for any screen size
- Fast access to social media and other ways of contact

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

Creating your first "Portfolio" project

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

-A Git hub account

-Visual Studio Code or any other code editor of your preference

-web browser

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:<br>
https://github.com/brighton0102/Portfolio

### Install

Install this project with:

Github
Vs code
to be able to access the code

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

Open index.html using live server extension.

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **brighton mtandi**

- GitHub: [brighton0102](htpps://github.com/brighton0102)
- Twitter: [@brighton_ui](https://twitter.com/brighton_ui)
- LinkedIn: [brighton](https://www.linkedin.com/in/brighton-mtandi-976615267/)

👤 **znation**

- GitHub: [znation2010](https://github.com/znation2010)
- Twitter: [coming soon]
- LinkedIn: [coming soon]

👤 **RICHARD SIKAONGA**

- GitHub: [RICHARD-SIKAONGA](https://github.com/richie1988)
- Twitter: [@RICHARDSIK51272](https://twitter.com/RICHARDSIK51272)
- LinkedIn: [coming soon]

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES-->

### Future Features <a name="Future-features"></a>

- **[Clickable-elements]**
- **[Intaraction-page]**
- **[Contact-form]**


<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/brighton0102/Portfolio/issues/).

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project, kindly leave a comment below and share it with other web developers and lets enjoy this journey together.

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="Microverse Inc."></a>

I would like to acknowledge my coding partners who helped me work on this project and meet my deadlines.

  <!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](https://github.com/brighton0102/Portfolio/blob/main/LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

added the live demo to my README.md

README.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
  -- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

# 📖 [Portfolio] <a name="Portfolio"></a>

**[Portfolio]** this is my Portfolio project which i started by implementing mobile-first view.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

.HTML 
.CSS

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- Portfolio webpage
- Mobile first development
- Responsiveness and flexibility for any screen size
- Fast access to social media and other ways of contact

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

You can find a live demo in [HERE](https://brighton0102.github.io/Portfolio/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

Creating your first "Portfolio" project

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

-A Git hub account

-Visual Studio Code or any other code editor of your preference

-web browser

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:<br>
https://github.com/brighton0102/Portfolio

### Install

Install this project with:

Github
Vs code
to be able to access the code

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

Open index.html using live server extension.

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **brighton mtandi**

- GitHub: [brighton0102](htpps://github.com/brighton0102)
- Twitter: [@brighton_ui](https://twitter.com/brighton_ui)
- LinkedIn: [brighton](https://www.linkedin.com/in/brighton-mtandi-976615267/)

👤 **znation**

- GitHub: [znation2010](https://github.com/znation2010)
- Twitter: [coming soon]
- LinkedIn: [coming soon]

👤 **RICHARD SIKAONGA**

- GitHub: [RICHARD-SIKAONGA](https://github.com/richie1988)
- Twitter: [@RICHARDSIK51272](https://twitter.com/RICHARDSIK51272)
- LinkedIn: [coming soon]

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES-->

### Future Features <a name="Future-features"></a>

- **[Clickable-elements]**
- **[Intaraction-page]**
- **[Contact-form]**


<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/brighton0102/Portfolio/issues/).

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project, kindly leave a comment below and share it with other web developers and lets enjoy this journey together.

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="Microverse Inc."></a>

I would like to acknowledge my coding partners who helped me work on this project and meet my deadlines.

  <!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](https://github.com/brighton0102/Portfolio/blob/main/LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
